Adherence to Azienda Trasporti Milanesi S.p.A. Terms and Conditions

=======================================================================

This document delineates the guidelines for the usage of the Real-Time
Bus Wait Time Display project, herein referred to as "the Project". It
is designed to ensure that all interactions with the Project align with
the stipulated terms and conditions of Azienda Trasporti Milanesi
S.p.A. (ATM). The Project is an independent initiative aimed at
providing real-time bus wait times for personal and non-commercial use.
It is imperative that all users and contributors to the Project
meticulously adhere to these guidelines to uphold the lawful and
respectful utilization of ATM's services and data.


Section 1 -- Purpose and Scope

The Project is crafted exclusively for personal, informational
purposes, offering users access to real-time bus wait times from ATM.
It is essential to underscore that the Project is not affiliated with,
endorsed by, or in any formal association with ATM.


Section 2 -- Restriction on Commercial Use.

The Project, along with any data derived from ATM through the Project,
is strictly confined to personal, non-commercial applications. Users
are expressly prohibited from leveraging the Project or any related
data from ATM for commercial endeavors.


Section 3 -- Intellectual Property Compliance.

All users are obligated to respect copyright and intellectual property
rights pertaining to materials and data sourced from ATM. Any
deployment of ATM's data within the Project must faithfully preserve
copyright attributions and must not be altered in any form.


Section 4 -- Data Utilization Guidelines.

Users are authorized to download materials from ATM solely for personal
usage and the acquisition of information. Detailed guidelines on the
permissible use of ATM's data, in accordance with ATM's terms and
conditions, will be provided within the Project documentation.


Section 5 -- Software Usage Rights

Users acknowledge that they do not acquire any
rights to utilize ATM's software beyond what is necessary for accessing
ATM's services via the Project. The replication, alteration, or
commercial exploitation of ATM's software is unequivocally forbidden.


Section 6 -- Reference to ATM's Terms

For an exhaustive understanding of all
applicable terms and conditions related to the use of ATM's services
and data, users are encouraged to consult ATM's Terms and Conditions
(https://www.atm.it/en/Pages/TermsAndConditions.aspx).


Section 7 -- Disclaimer

This project is developed as an open-source initiative and is intended
strictly for educational, research, and informational purposes only.
This Project is an autonomous creation and is neither
endorsed, affiliated, nor officially connected with Azienda Trasporti
Milanesi S.p.A. Engagement with this Project signifies full acceptance
of these guidelines and adherence to ATM's terms and conditions.
